docs: instance based websites (#724)
catppuccin/userstyles: README.md

Reviewer: Oops it looks like the edits I made to my suggestion got updated too late. I'll make another suggestion :p

   - Replacing `<name>` with the name of the userstyle.
3. Enjoy!

> [!TIP]

> > For decentralized or self-hosted applications, you can apply a theme your instance across updates by going to the userstyle's **Settings** > **Custom included sites** and adding your instance to the list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> For decentralized or self-hosted applications, you can apply a theme to one or multiple instances across updates by going to the userstyle's **Settings** > **Custom included sites** and entering URL patterns for your instance(s).
```

> > For decentralized or self-hosted apps applications, you can save your instance long term by going to the userstyle's **Settings > Custom included sites** and adding your instance to the list, for example, `*://example.org/*`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> For decentralized or self-hosted applications, you can apply a theme your instance across updates by going to the userstyle's **Settings** > **Custom included sites** and adding your instance to the list.
```
I don't think we need an example since the placeholder text of the input field gives the same example.

> > For decentralized or self-hosted applications, you can apply a theme to one or multiple instances across updates by going to the userstyle's **Settings** > **Custom included sites** and entering URL patterns for your instance(s).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> For decentralized or self-hosted applications, you can apply a theme to one or multiple instances across updates by following the instructions below.
> 1. Open the Stylus "Manage" page.
> 2. Click on the userstyle's name in the list.
> 3. Click on **Style settings** in the left panel.
> 4. Enter the URL patterns for your instance(s) in the text box labeled **Custom included sites**.
```

Rendered version below:
> [!TIP]
> For decentralized or self-hosted applications, you can apply a theme to one or multiple instances across updates by following the instructions below.
> 1. Open the Stylus "Manage" page.
> 2. Click on the userstyle's name in the list.
> 3. Click on **Style settings** in the left panel.
> 4. Enter the URL patterns for your instance(s) in the text box labeled **Custom included sites**.

Reviewer: I had trouble even finding that text box at first since I was thinking gear icon = settings page, hopefully these instructions make more sense to the next person.

Author: Thats fair, its a fairly obscure feature.
